if the last reggaeton tonight
let's see how it comes next to follow the
sentence in a duel is coming in
hernani cecilia music teacher love
How are you
what happens
I understand that the head
very well
whatever you want
purity remedies from where I will spend
terrorism we regret though
I arrived
whatever the pressure in court
song
what makes the pressure more
again
What are they
to set the table for god advance
that will be sitting all the
choreography
impressive gentlemen the choreography
iron ore
incredible gentlemen hernán piquín and
cecilia hernán chip and first of all
thanks for taking care of piquin
how you took care of it was what you had to
do exactly many thanks
Cecilia Hernán I have no words
wild dogs this subject saw that it is
a genre war between rock and
roll and reggaeton what they did is
extraordinary medium 80 videos of truth
I swear, Hernán, I felt that it was my turn
that long hand that looks big
I swear I still feel like a must
things like subscription
I swear to God that the body feels it
extraordi
my hunting friend just told me
remember that you have the secret vote
because it's going to be poor recontra
the secret vote is happy thank you is the
goal from afar made her happy is the
why did he have remote control to know
where the butterflies in the belly
and not exactly in the patron coming down
discarding the rhythm what causes
thank you very much this time of
really, really many
Thank you
but I want to do things for me that you
touch down my a marcelo polino
plus
good my secret vote
The vote
and we do not have signals until here